What is Blue Prism? 
Blue prism is a Robotic Process automation tool which holds the capability of a virtual workforce powered by software robots. 
The virtual workforce automates mundane tasks and eliminates manual work.

Describe two product features of Blue Prism 
secure and accurate
Blue prism provides secure and accurate results to any number of processes. Data is encrypted and obfuscated 

Work queues
With the queue-centric approach, Blue Prism tool dynamically controls the number of robots or resources, functioning on a given queue at a certain time. 
It provides you with the maximum flexibility to regulate the number of robots assigned to function in the queue based on your business demands.

How is Blue Prism different from UiPath?
Blue prism is more reliable than UiPath, Blue prism uses C# and UiPath uses microsoft Sharepoint wf,  Blue prism is used in the back office while UiPath can be used for front office and back office. 

What are the main menu/dashboard item names?
Home, studio, control, analytics, release,systems and my profile. 
Studio is the design area of blue prism. 
Control room is the area in which processes that have been designed, tested and deployed can be controlled in the real world environment.
The following dashboards are available in analytics: personal, Global and publish. 
The systems manager is where installations can be maintained from an administrative perspective. It allows configuration of the blue prism system, such as users and the assignment of roles.

What is UiPath? 
UI Path is a robotic process automation tool for large scale end-to-end automation. It uses a variety of methods to transform tedious tasks into automated processes.UiPath robots can work in tandem with humans or do a smooth hand off.

What are two product features of UiPath?
Drag and drop workflow
Users develop visual process steps by dragging and dropping related onto a graphical workspace.

Advance Scrapping options
UI Path offers scraping options that allows the scrapping of data from web pages and applications. Scrapping solution works with any program including Java, Flash, PDF and SAP. 

What are the main menu/dashboard item names?
Home, orchestrator, actions, apps, processes, insights, integration service.
Orchestrator gives the power to provision, deploy, trigger, monitor, measure and track work attended and unattended bots. 
Actions are tasks to be performed or undertaken by users when dealing with long -running workflows.
Processes page enables you to deploy an uploaded package as a new process, manage previously created processes and keep all processes up to date. 
Insights is an analytics solution that enables the tracking, measuring, and managing of the performance of the entire automation program. 
Interaction services combines UI and API automation allowing capabilities to be centrally accessed within the same integration design environment. 


What is iBPMS?
Intelligent Business Process Management Software (iBPMS) is an integrated group of technologies that work together to better support business processes. 


What is Bizagi?
Bizagi stands for Business agility (ability to move easily and quickly)
Bizagi enables banks to create apps, automate processes, orchestrate data and innovate on top of legacy technology.
Bizagi is cloud native and low code, 100% visual 
Bizagi has many years of experience working in areas such as 
fast loan origination and onboarding- Giving new customers the best first experience and accelerating admin efficiency. 

Real time credit Processing - reducing time to revenue by modernizing risk analysis and approvals to process applications faster.

Better Compliance and fraud prevention protection reputation- By connecting systems and  implementing business rules that identify threats.

Responsive customer engagement - Connecting disparate systems to gain 360 customer insights and delivers superior service that retains clients. 

Efficient back office operations-  Automating payments, transfers approvals, exceptions and much more to ensure digital efficiency in the back office. 

Innovative products and services - Bringing in new products and services to market faster to remain competitive or gain first mover advantage 
