Difference between process and object. 
Process is the flow that is going to be running with all the different components. 
(Imagine you need to send an email you need to collect some information in excel sheet, you need to get that information work on that information put it inside an email and sent an email to some person. This will be the process! This process is made out of many different components like downloading the excel file and extracting information from the excel file. Formatting information and opening your mail application. (Diff components)

The components will be built out on the object studio. 
Objects are reusable. You can reuse objects in different processes. A process can use an object from another process. 


Process main actions are 
Pointers, links, Block, process, page, action, decision, choice, calculation, multicalc, data item, collection, loop, note, anchor, end . Exception. Recover, Resume. 

Similarities between process studio and object studio. 

Data items - can be used in both object studio and process studio 
Block is used to group different items, group data, catch exceptions 
Page - allows you to open or reference other pages that are inside of your process 
Action - it allows you to call objects inside of your process(built or imported)
Decision - decide -true/false 
Choice - choice is like a nested set of decision (many if statements)

Multi calculation, calculation, data item and collection 
Loop - allows you through a set of actions 
Anchor - allows flow table to look a little nicer



Differences
Process - can be used to call another process inside of your process. 

Alert (process studio) - used to give you an action or alert 


Object studio differences from process studio 
Read - allows you to read data from windows browser, application or table. 
Write - write in input field or where ever data needs to be inputted. 
Navigate - allows navigation through the different pages of the application 
Code - import and run code 
Time out - allows robot to pause and spend some time waiting before going to the next step. 
Process- run a process inside action. 
Note- allows you to write notes , give additional information 
